[Music]
hey you ever stop and think how cool and
amazing animals can be I mean really why
are some of them black and white
what kind of insects he's the whole
world in slow-mo who is an immortal
being well let's find out we all know
that a comedian tells jokes but a
chameleon can change its color and it's
not the only one
flatfish such as flounder can merge with
the seabed like a real superspy many
types of seahorses are similar to
chameleons not only because of their
ability to change color but also in that
their two eyes can move independently
from each other
there are seahorses that can't change
color at all but they're born with a
color to blend with their habitats red
for coral and green for algae for
example octopuses change color faster
than anyone and closer to the water
surface when the sunlight reaches them
octopuses become transparent snow hair
changes the color of its fur but only
twice a year in winter it's white and
disguises itself in snow to hide from
predators also its fur becomes longer to
protect the animal from cold in spring
its fur turns gray baby flamingos are
grayish white algae and sea food they
feed on contain a substance called Carta
noids and thanks to it over time
flamingos acquire pink plumage the
plastic ones you can see in my backyard
oh by the way carrots are orange exactly
because of cards but they're not animals
so forget that Tigers don't change color
but their skin is peculiar to each Tiger
has unique stripes just like human
fingerprints and it's their skin that
bears those stripes not just fur yes if
you shave a tiger head to toe it'll
still look like a tiger only bald polar
bears aren't at all white their skin is
black under the fur they need white
color to disguise themselves while on
the hunt the color black absorbs the Sun
better than any other
while white fur doesn't stop sunlight
rays pass right through it in a sense
the polar bear has transparent fur the
black and white color of a zebra doesn't
help it hide from predators what it does
is help avoid bites of insects that
carry diseases such as tsetse flies a
fly seizes II bruh
but when approaching it flies by or
crashes into the animal and bounces off
nobody knows exactly why this happens
when theory says that the black and
white coat of the zebra
creates an optical illusion that
confuses insects also zebras can't sleep
alone they sleep in groups having one of
their ranks to watch out for predators
kind of a zebra patrol I guess some
black skunks have white spots which they
use as a warning to predators the color
kind of says hey bugger off or you'll
get a lot of stink and predators dig
this scientists have found the reason
why pandas are black and white giant
pandas live in areas where vegetation
meets snow the black and white coat
helps to camouflage the Bears in such an
environment also pandas know each other
by black spots around their eyes now
there's a myth that cats and dogs see
the world in black and white in reality
they just can't distinguish some colours
nobody knows how exactly dogs see
something they only distinguish two
colours could be blue and yellow for all
we know but they can't see shades of
other colours better than people and
cats have wonderful night vision they
need about 7 times less light than a
human to see in the dark
now cows and bulls don't care how green
the grass is these animals don't
distinguish colors well enough and
contrary to the popular belief Bulls
don't care about red fabric they react
to fast movement before their eyes and
because of the special eye structure
they think that the surrounding objects
are closer than they really are
that's why cows are often scared when
people come up to them
thanks to their tallness and good
eyesight giraffes can see the enemy
approaching from afar their head is like
a watchtower and they warn each other of
the danger in a very unusual way with
the help over their well-developed
eyebrows like this or those giraffes
were thought to be mute but recently
it's been found that they make
low-frequency sounds at night to
communicate with each other it's likely
that at night it's difficult to see the
eyebrows so they start talking this way
by the way giraffes fight each other
with their necks and if you were ever to
get swallowed by a giraffe it's a long
long trip to the tummy geckos have
incredible night vision
these small lizards see 350 times better
than humans at night this allows geckos
to see the stunning starry sky people
can see such a sky only through a
telescope or in a sci-fi movie but I
doubt geckos can enjoy the view unless
they catch sight of their home planet
well they look like aliens night vision
doesn't work if there is no light at all
but some species of snakes are able to
see even under such conditions they have
infrared receptors on their heads
these help the snakes see the
temperature you know like in spy movies
now Eagles have the sharpest vision of
all they can see a mouse from several
miles away these birds of prey see a
very clear image and are also able to
scale vision just like a camera on your
phone but of course with a lot more
megapixels some insects such as flies
have thousands of little sections in the
eyes each section can show only a small
portion of the view which makes it look
like a puzzle flies see a very fuzzy
image but they have a superpower an
ability to see everything in slow-mo
that's why a fly always gracefully
dodges your newspaper
spiders have several pairs of eyes which
doesn't help them see very well though
some spiders don't see it all or discern
only light in shadow they just focus on
vibration of the spider's web when
something touches it but there's one
spider species with a perfect eyesight
the jumping spider it has eight eyes and
can see the world in Super HD
and it's also the cutest spider on the
planet well it's my opinion some frogs
can only see moving objects there can be
a lot of food around it but if the lunch
doesn't move the Frog won't see it fish
breathe with the help of gills whales
with the help of a hole on the top of
their head and white throated snapping
turtles can breathe through their butts
yeah scientists call this local
respiration and that's about all I care
to say about that seagulls can drink
saltwater there are soft secreting
glands near their eyes these glands
purify seawater very quickly and the
salty residue comes out through the
nostrils tiny little mice are really
good at empathy a mouse becomes sad and
more susceptible to pain if it sees
another Mouse being hurt but this works
only with mice that are friends with
each other we call these nice mice the
turritopsis dohrnii jellyfish can turn
back time for itself by reverting to an
earlier stage of its life cycle in
essence this makes it virtually immortal
butterflies on the other hand these
beautiful insects feed through the
proboscis but feel the taste of food
thanks to their hind legs the Adelie
penguins are real romantics they have
only one partner for life the male must
give a smooth stone to the female to
create a family you could say that's
kind of an engagement ring like humans
though a female penguin may refuse and
not accept the gift
foxes are romantic to male foxes are
good fathers and husbands they are
devoted to their loved ones for life
they look after females and even pick up
fleas from their fur male foxes improve
their whole houses and take an active
part in their babies upbringing given
Apes
also fall in love once and for all they
live in big groups like human families
parents children brothers and sisters
granny and Grandpa and every morning the
big family sings gibbons are some of the
best singers among all mammals able to
change the volume and timbre of their
voice I guess Gibbons are real jungle
opera stars dolphins can sleep with one
eye closed and the other one open half
of the brain dreams and rests and the
second half closely monitors the
environment for signs of danger the
perfect brain for sleeping during boring
classes and meetings
besides dolphins manually control their
breathing they can simply drown if their
whole brain is sleeping now sea otters
are the cutest sleepers among all
animals in summer because of the heat
sea otters spend all the time in the
water they swim on their backs and sleep
in that position the babies are sleeping
on their mother's stomach and two adults
hold each other by the paws so that
they're not carried apart by the water
currents how cute I guess we order go
see some otters huh
hey if you learn something new today
think give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life